Karpatkey-Gho-Growth (#559)
bgd-labs/aave-proposals-v3: src/20241231_AaveV3Ethereum_karpatkeyGhoGrowth/karpatkeyGhoGrowth.md

---
title: "Funding Proposal: karpatkey as GHO Growth Service Provider"
author: "karpatkey"
discussions: https://governance.aave.com/t/arfc-karpatkey-as-gho-growth-service-provider/20206
snapshot: https://snapshot.box/#/s:aave.eth/proposal/0x87585d9dcb104d2946ca2def6bcf57708480fafc5e310de4850dc2fbe1820893
---

## Simple Summary

> The current ARFC proposes appointing karpatkey as a service provider dedicated to drive the growth of GHO for the following 6 months, with an initial focus on opportunities within the Gnosis Chain while also expanding efforts to other chains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AIP proposes appointing karpatkey as a service provider dedicated to drive the growth of GHO for the following 6 months, with an initial focus on opportunities within the Gnosis Chain while also expanding efforts to other chains.
```
